document the new has_position parameter for the template cover (#410)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/cover/template.rst

- **assumed_state** (*Optional*, boolean): Whether the true state of the cover is not known.
  This will make the Home Assistant frontend show buttons for both OPEN and CLOSE actions, instead
  of hiding one of them. Defaults to ``false``.

> - **has_position** (*Optional*, boolean): Whether this cover will publish its position.  If true, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **has_position** (*Optional*, boolean): Whether this cover will publish its position as a floating point number.
  By default (``false``), the cover only publishes OPEN/CLOSED position. By setting this to true you can also send any position in between in ``lambda``.
```

The current text here doesn't really say what this value means. "position" is quite ambiguous here as it could refer to OPEN/CLOSED or, what you actually mean, percentage positions.
